= ChiliProject Backlogs Plugin

This Plugin adds features, that enable agile teams to work efficiently with
ChiliProject in Scrum projects.

It is largely based on {Redmine Backlogs}[http://www.redminebacklogs.net/].
Development was separated from Redmine Backlogs in March 2011. At this time
Redmine Backlogs v0.3.2 was current. ChiliProject Backlogs is more than just a
port from Redmine to ChiliProject.


== Requirements

This plugin depends on the {ChiliProject NIssue
Plugin}[https://github.com/finnlabs/chiliproject_nissue]. Make sure, to have a
current version of that Plugin installed into your ChiliProject.

This plugin requires some additional RubyGems. After you have extracted the
plugin into `vendor/plugins`, make sure to run `bundle install` to install these
additional dependencies.

This plugin aims to be compatible with

* ChiliProject 1.x
* ChiliProject 2.1 and later

If you are running into compatibility issues, please report a bug in the
project's issue tracker.


*Note:* ChiliProject Backlogs currently needs a core patch, to run on
ChiliProject version 2.1 and later. You may find the relevant changes at

    https://github.com/finnlabs/chiliproject/commit/260f4d13f138d69ca23866c5772f54020d171dca

Add them to your ChiliProject with

    curl https://github.com/finnlabs/chiliproject/commit/260f4d13f138d69ca23866c5772f54020d171dca.patch | git am

if you are running from a git repository or

    curl https://github.com/finnlabs/chiliproject/commit/260f4d13f138d69ca23866c5772f54020d171dca.diff | patch -p1

if you are using a tarball installation.

We are currently working on a pull request, to get these changes into the
ChiliProject core.


== Installation

Please follow the default {plugin installation instructions for
ChiliProject}[https://www.chiliproject.org/projects/chiliproject/wiki/Plugin_Install].

If you did not do it already, run the plugin's migrations.

    rake db:migrate:plugin NAME=chiliproject_backlogs RAILS_ENV=production

== Deinstallation

Run the down-migrations to clean up your database.

    rake db:migrate:plugin VERSION=0 NAME=chiliproject_backlogs RAILS_ENV=production

Afterwards simply remove the plugin's directory from your vendor/plugins
directory.


== Development

To run the tests, you will need a current version of our {ChiliProject Dev
Tools}[https://github.com/finnlabs/redmine-dev-tools] and {ChiliProject
Cucumber}[https://github.com/finnlabs/chiliproject_cucumber]. After running

    bundle install

You should be able to execute the tests with

    rake redmine:rspec:backlogs
    rake redmine:cucumber:backlogs RAILS_ENV=test

If these instructions are insufficient, please open a ticket in the GitHub issue
tracker with information, where you are stuck.


== Credits

We thank the original maintainers and developers of {Redmine
Backlogs}[http://www.redminebacklogs.net/] for their immense work on this
plugin. ChiliProject Backlogs would not have been possible without their
original contribution.

Additionally, we would like to thank

* Deutsche Telekom AG (opensource@telekom.de) for project sponsorhip
* Birthe Russmeyer and Niels Lindenthal of finnlabs for their consulting and
  project management

== Licence

(c) 2010-2011 - Emiliano Heyns, Mark Maglana, friflaj
(c) 2011 - Jens Ulferts, Gregor Schmidt - Finn GmbH

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.
